# 5.3.1.1  SEI Element Interface Specifications

1.       Interface Identity: CourseAttribute Interface

2.       Resource Provided:

a.       Resource Syntax: The method is defined named Builder and takes courseId, name and timeZone as a parameter. This method also perform some validation checks on these parameters passed and then create the CourseAttribute.

b.       Resource Semantics: The resource performs the validation checks on the data required for the course and encapsulate them to the data object that can be transferred for the querying.

c.       Error Handling: The resource performs the validity checks on parameter values. The null value exceptions are handled.

3.       Data Types: The data types of the variables are as follow:

a.       courseId: String

b.       courseName: String

c.       timezone: ZoneId

4.       Error Handling: The data objects generated by interface are the Java objects and if anything goes wrong, it is handled by Java automatically.

5.       Variability: The memory of the object generated by an interface is managed by Java Virtual Machine \(JVM\). If a lot of memory is utilized, JVM’s heap size can be increased.

6.       Quality Attributes: The interface ensures the quality attribute of Robustness, since it generates the Java objects and Java supports the strong type checking mechanism.

7.       Rationale: The interface is designed for the encapsulation of the data into the objects and also perform the validity checks on the data. It is very developer friendly to use the interface and generate the entity attributes.

8.       Usage Guide: The interface can be used by passing the values of the required parameters in the builder method and it will return the entity attributes object. Here, the builder method takes courseId, name and timeZone as a parameter input and returns the CourseAttributes object.

